feat: add node filtering to loki.source.podlogs (#4022)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/loki/loki.source.podlogs.md

| [`clustering`][clustering]                                    | Configure the component for when {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} is running in clustered mode. | no       |
| [`namespace_selector`][selector]                              | Label selector for which namespaces to discover `PodLogs` in.                               | no       |
| `namespace_selector` > [`match_expression`][match_expression] | Label selector expression for which namespaces to discover `PodLogs` in.                    | no       |

> | [`node_filter`][node_filter]                                  | Filter pods by node to limit discovery scope.                                               | no       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`node_filter`][node_filter]                                  | Filter Pods by node to limit discovery scope.                                               | no       |
```

[using clustering]: ../../../../get-started/clustering/

> ### `node_filter`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `node_filter`

The `node_filter` block configures node-based filtering for Pod discovery.

The following arguments are supported: 

```

> | Name        | Type     | Description                                                        | Default | Required |
> |-------------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|----------|
> | `enabled`   | `bool`   | Enable node-based filtering for pod discovery.                    | `false` | no       |
> | `node_name` | `string` | Node name to filter pods by. Falls back to NODE_NAME env var if empty. | `""`    | no       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name        | Type     | Description                                                                               | Default | Required |
| ----------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------- |
| `enabled`   | `bool`   | Enable node-based filtering for Pod discovery.                                            | `false` | no       |
| `node_name` | `string` | Node name to filter Pods by. Falls back to the `NODE_NAME` environment variable if empty. | `""`    | no       |
```

> When `enabled` is set to `true`, `loki.source.podlogs` will only discover and collect logs from pods running on the specified node.
> This is particularly useful when running {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} as a DaemonSet to avoid collecting logs from pods on other nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you set `enabled` to `true`, `loki.source.podlogs` only discovers and collects logs from Pods running on the specified node.
This is particularly useful when running {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} as a DaemonSet to avoid collecting logs from Pods on other nodes.
```

> If `node_name` is not specified, the component will attempt to use the `NODE_NAME` environment variable.
> This allows for easy configuration in DaemonSet deployments where the node name can be injected via the Kubernetes downward API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't specify `node_name`, `loki.source.podlogs` attempts to use the `NODE_NAME` environment variable.
This allows for easy configuration in DaemonSet deployments where you can inject the node name with the Kubernetes downward API.
```

Example DaemonSet configuration:

```yaml
env:
  - name: NODE_NAME
    valueFrom:
      fieldRef:
        fieldPath: spec.nodeName
```

> Node filtering significantly reduces API server load and network traffic by limiting pod discovery to only the local node, 
> making it highly recommended for DaemonSet deployments in large clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node filtering significantly reduces API server load and network traffic by limiting Pod discovery to only the local node, making it highly recommended for DaemonSet deployments in large clusters.
```

[using clustering]: ../../../../get-started/clustering/

### `node_filter`

The `node_filter` block configures node-based filtering for Pod discovery.

The following arguments are supported: 

| Name        | Type     | Description                                                                               | Default | Required |
| ----------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------- |
| `enabled`   | `bool`   | Enable node-based filtering for Pod discovery.                                            | `false` | no       |
| `node_name` | `string` | Node name to filter Pods by. Falls back to the `NODE_NAME` environment variable if empty. | `""`    | no       |

When you set `enabled` to `true`, `loki.source.podlogs` only discovers and collects logs from Pods running on the specified node.
This is particularly useful when running {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} as a DaemonSet to avoid collecting logs from Pods on other nodes.

If you don't specify `node_name`, `loki.source.podlogs` attempts to use the `NODE_NAME` environment variable.

> This allows for easy configuration in DaemonSet deployments where you can inject the node name with the Kubernetes downward API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows for easy configuration in DaemonSet deployments where you can inject the node name with the [Kubernetes downward API][].

[Kubernetes downward API]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/downward-api/
```

Re-reading this, it might be helpful if we link out to the K8s downward API docs.

}
```

> This example shows how to use node filtering for DaemonSet deployments to collect logs only from pods running on the current node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use node filtering for DaemonSet deployments to collect logs only from Pods running on the current node:
```
